astex_1gm8 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 66 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 561 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 54 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 715 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 537 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 131 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 585 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 763 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 170 msec
astex_1gm8 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 843 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 65 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 507 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 782 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 928 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 706 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 643 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 529 msec
astex_1hnn rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 417 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 213 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 523 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 795 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 506 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 353 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 776 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 738 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 651 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 543 msec
astex_1ia1 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 967 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 16 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 442 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 541 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 149 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 628 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 210 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 608 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 120 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 243 msec
astex_1ig3 rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 708 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 471 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 821 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 405 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 524 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 729 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 317 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 724 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 536 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 888 msec
astex_1j3j rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 109 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 885 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 831 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 660 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 574 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 566 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 516 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 530 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 603 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 475 msec
astex_1jd0 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 446 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 32 seconds 909 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 858 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 588 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 920 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 30 seconds 251 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 718 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 729 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 35 seconds 540 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 974 msec
astex_1l7f rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 90 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 50 seconds 292 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 41 seconds 594 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 50 seconds 535 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 47 seconds 977 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 43 seconds 123 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 43 seconds 882 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 1 seconds 658 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 59 seconds 700 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 0 seconds 229 msec
astex_1lpz rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 57 seconds 624 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 557 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 435 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 357 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 300 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 772 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 654 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 968 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 315 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 150 msec
astex_1mmv rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 889 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 7 seconds 791 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 22 seconds 733 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 23 seconds 745 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 14 seconds 961 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 16 seconds 903 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 14 seconds 899 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 9 seconds 11 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 14 seconds 269 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 15 seconds 105 msec
astex_1mzc rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 15 seconds 689 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 633 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 428 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 651 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 831 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 361 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 477 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 68 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 303 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 990 msec
astex_1n1m rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 359 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 843 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 462 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 120 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 204 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 794 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 175 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 143 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 129 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 125 msec
astex_1of6 rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 97 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 549 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 670 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 623 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 865 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 840 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 279 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 638 msec
astex_1oq5 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 75 msec
astex_1owe rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 619 msec
astex_1owe rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 373 msec
astex_1owe rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 78 msec
astex_1owe rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 973 msec
astex_1owe rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 214 msec
astex_1owe rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 904 msec
astex_1owe rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 379 msec
astex_1owe rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 882 msec
astex_1owe rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 366 msec
astex_1owe rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 873 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 513 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 823 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 261 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 676 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 914 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 152 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 12 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 455 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 79 msec
astex_1oyt rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 138 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 482 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 37 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 837 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 854 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 81 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 905 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 136 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 85 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 135 msec
astex_1p2y rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 786 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 663 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 26 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 56 seconds 845 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 126 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 957 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 618 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 53 seconds 881 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 56 seconds 115 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 214 msec
astex_1pmn rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 49 seconds 765 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 48 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 864 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 847 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 806 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 973 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 242 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 549 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 50 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 138 msec
astex_1q1g rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 117 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 580 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 532 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 223 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 267 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 951 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 432 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 30 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 673 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 38 msec
astex_1r1h rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 93 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 782 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 256 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 173 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 49 seconds 748 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 363 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 24 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 426 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 272 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 49 msec
astex_1s3v rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 684 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 23 seconds 139 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 23 seconds 167 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 31 seconds 457 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 47 seconds 282 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 40 seconds 682 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 45 seconds 721 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 41 seconds 42 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 44 seconds 341 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 38 seconds 639 msec
astex_1sj0 rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 22 seconds 836 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 55 seconds 985 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 51 seconds 422 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 22 seconds 727 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 54 seconds 193 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 10 seconds 180 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 56 seconds 43 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 9 seconds 496 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 16 seconds 381 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 48 seconds 66 msec
astex_1t46 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 42 seconds 780 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 118 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 531 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 383 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 415 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 305 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 64 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 607 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 737 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 61 msec
astex_1tt1 rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 603 msec
astex_1uou rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 239 msec
astex_1uou rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 789 msec
astex_1uou rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 454 msec
astex_1uou rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 745 msec
astex_1uou rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 972 msec
astex_1uou rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 534 msec
astex_1uou rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 929 msec
astex_1uou rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 700 msec
astex_1uou rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 958 msec
astex_1uou rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 736 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 302 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 783 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 909 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 30 seconds 411 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 526 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 30 seconds 899 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 30 seconds 248 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 35 seconds 872 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 455 msec
astex_1vcj rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 530 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 822 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 775 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 874 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 27 seconds 186 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 7 seconds 255 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 47 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds 513 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 12 seconds 751 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 595 msec
astex_1y6b rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 19 seconds 479 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 1 seconds 459 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 3 seconds 552 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 7 seconds 840 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 22 seconds 890 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 20 seconds 480 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 26 seconds 387 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 12 seconds 308 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 29 seconds 977 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 17 seconds 33 msec
astex_1ygc rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 2 seconds 70 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 39 seconds 251 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 17 seconds 338 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 40 seconds 509 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 45 seconds 291 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 44 seconds 178 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 41 seconds 587 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 54 seconds 624 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 40 seconds 619 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 51 seconds 59 msec
astex_1ywr rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 54 seconds 591 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 18 seconds 576 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 26 seconds 720 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 24 seconds 425 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 22 seconds 876 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 26 seconds 181 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 12 seconds 670 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 24 seconds 318 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 16 seconds 533 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 22 seconds 66 msec
astex_2bm2 rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 24 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 542 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 852 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 795 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 717 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 812 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_ABXBPC rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 855 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 50 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 628 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 787 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 427 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 920 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_AURMIN rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 778 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 543 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 12 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 885 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 79 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 516 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 784 msec
omegacsd_BAFJEX10 rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 266 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 282 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 999 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 476 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 418 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 77 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 372 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_BATROD rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 583 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 463 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 550 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 11 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 334 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 686 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 858 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_BUSNIM rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 66 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 335 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 182 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 837 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 496 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 329 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 73 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 968 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 58 msec
omegacsd_CAGXEN rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 551 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 912 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 121 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 58 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 268 msec
omegacsd_CALLEG rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 176 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 197 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 903 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 185 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 434 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 376 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 607 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_CATXIE rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 900 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 891 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 939 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 254 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 164 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 896 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 193 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 124 msec
omegacsd_CIXTOS rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 239 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 471 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 166 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 963 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 637 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 655 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 331 msec
omegacsd_CMPEPI rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 779 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 443 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 214 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 236 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 367 msec
omegacsd_CYCLIZ10 rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 805 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 94 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 97 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 107 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 619 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 414 msec
omegacsd_DIPJAN10 rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 598 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 721 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 110 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 105 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 940 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 561 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 79 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_DIZREJ rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 185 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 305 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 656 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 542 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 535 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 614 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 590 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 614 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 615 msec
omegacsd_DIZWAK rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 541 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 97 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 372 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 595 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 183 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 221 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 7 msec
omegacsd_DUZRAR rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 124 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 787 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 879 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 113 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_FAJVAN rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 536 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 58 seconds 407 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 619 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 858 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 166 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 887 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 50 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 392 msec
omegacsd_FANRER rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 50 seconds 433 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 347 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 742 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 700 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 695 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 891 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 869 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 996 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_FEKYEZ rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 8 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 928 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 111 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 29 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 254 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 896 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 239 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 59 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 778 msec
omegacsd_FEVZUB rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 941 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 431 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 11 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 725 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 519 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 500 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 240 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 856 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 252 msec
omegacsd_FOLYIO rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 78 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 622 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 917 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 533 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 582 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 462 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 726 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 818 msec
omegacsd_FOPMIG rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 199 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 730 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 663 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 829 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 746 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 258 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 579 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 925 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 112 msec
omegacsd_FUPFIF rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 956 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 15 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 753 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 584 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_GALMOV rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 426 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 339 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 495 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 258 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 399 msec
omegacsd_GEKWAU rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 749 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 197 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 170 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 23 seconds 93 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 390 msec
omegacsd_HEPYAC rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 650 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 894 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 794 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 499 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 518 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 472 msec
omegacsd_HEVJAT rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 941 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 528 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 366 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 639 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 420 msec
omegacsd_JUBJOF rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 453 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 886 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 805 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 650 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 310 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_KEMHOZ rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 296 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 770 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 505 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 985 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_PEPHEX rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 642 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 350 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 851 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 717 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 962 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 593 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 765 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 78 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_PONXUL rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 727 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 556 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 341 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 402 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 245 msec
omegacsd_SAGWOM rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 926 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 690 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 221 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 571 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 2 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 890 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 126 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 702 msec
omegacsd_SAWZUL rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 550 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 112 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 590 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 794 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 932 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 906 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 243 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_SIHGIZ rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 1 seconds 855 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 713 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 105 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 2 seconds 487 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 0 seconds 400 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 2 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_SUKPET rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 1 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 50 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 97 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 874 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 786 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 827 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 706 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_TAZXAT rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 990 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 874 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 827 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 656 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 1 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 748 msec
omegacsd_TEKBIU rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 627 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 325 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 229 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 974 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 598 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 38 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 436 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_VIMYUL rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 244 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 917 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 673 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 394 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 72 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 475 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 372 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 779 msec
omegacsd_VURTOR rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 557 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 334 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 863 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 902 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 719 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 611 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 104 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 620 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 248 msec
omegacsd_WEBCOV rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 123 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 235 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 629 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 877 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 688 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 684 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 640 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_WIDDIW rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 189 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 923 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 138 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 101 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 492 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 553 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 469 msec
omegacsd_YAYDEH rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 598 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 786 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 533 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 27 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 266 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 352 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 627 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 706 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 395 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 922 msec
omegacsd_YIHJAA rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 490 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 357 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 973 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 184 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 674 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 599 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 112 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 679 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 368 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 258 msec
omegapdb_1g4s rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 439 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 551 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 767 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 530 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 654 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 554 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 326 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 532 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 453 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 496 msec
omegapdb_1gj6 rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 759 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 550 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 615 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 565 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 583 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 664 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 660 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 620 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 664 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 540 msec
omegapdb_1n2b rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 50 seconds 669 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 847 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 722 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 318 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 102 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 535 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 431 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 524 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 502 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 556 msec
omegapdb_1nnk rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 153 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 555 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 798 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 872 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 6 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 995 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 401 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 717 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 419 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 35 msec
omegapdb_1o2q rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 570 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 295 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 627 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 856 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 100 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 409 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 145 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 43 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 829 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 453 msec
omegapdb_1o37 rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 982 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 43 seconds 18 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 292 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 926 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 612 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 729 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 650 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 316 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 947 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_1o3l rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 429 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 706 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 503 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 409 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 409 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 422 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 313 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 276 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 616 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 172 msec
omegapdb_1o3m rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 882 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 543 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 670 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 591 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 432 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 545 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 544 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 474 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 450 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 611 msec
omegapdb_1pa9 rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 543 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 713 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 285 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 888 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 400 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 923 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 993 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 754 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 735 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 9 seconds 899 msec
omegapdb_1r4p rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 289 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 478 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 580 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 42 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 598 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 586 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 576 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 826 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 892 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 590 msec
omegapdb_1rf6 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 40 seconds 562 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 56 seconds 913 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 36 seconds 127 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 6 seconds 597 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 20 seconds 715 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 41 seconds 426 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 19 seconds 693 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 13 seconds 408 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 18 seconds 808 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 3 seconds 72 msec
omegapdb_1w4l rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 57 seconds 331 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 103 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 226 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 364 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 426 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 44 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 147 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 147 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 150 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 539 msec
omegapdb_2aj8 rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 948 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 39 seconds 248 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 274 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 644 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 58 seconds 647 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 53 seconds 583 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 7 seconds 13 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 817 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 670 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 651 msec
omegapdb_2fm0 rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 43 seconds 223 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 42 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 178 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 675 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 500 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 846 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 732 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 75 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 140 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 878 msec
omegapdb_2j47 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 403 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 66 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 226 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 337 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 221 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 618 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 664 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 844 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 96 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 749 msec
astex_1g9v rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 817 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 328 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 279 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 560 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 19 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 858 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 40 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 729 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 180 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 468 msec
astex_1gkc rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 387 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 386 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 140 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 768 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 617 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 561 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 0 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 418 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 899 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 392 msec
astex_1hp0 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 898 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 984 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 805 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 684 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 805 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 792 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 828 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 739 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 823 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 758 msec
astex_1hq2 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 916 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 711 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 585 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 305 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 127 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 736 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 600 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 769 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 427 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 569 msec
astex_1hvy rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 217 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 61 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 36 seconds 128 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 37 seconds 829 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 249 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 399 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 441 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 684 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 887 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 25 seconds 533 msec
astex_1hwi rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 474 msec
astex_1jje rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 106 msec
astex_1jje rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 550 msec
astex_1jje rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 520 msec
astex_1jje rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 807 msec
astex_1jje rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 895 msec
astex_1jje rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 475 msec
astex_1jje rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 883 msec
astex_1jje rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 827 msec
astex_1jje rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 559 msec
astex_1jje rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 206 msec
astex_1jla rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 524 msec
astex_1jla rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 512 msec
astex_1jla rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 194 msec
astex_1jla rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 248 msec
astex_1jla rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 908 msec
astex_1jla rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 814 msec
astex_1jla rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 841 msec
astex_1jla rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 568 msec
astex_1jla rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 886 msec
astex_1jla rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 558 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 30 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 628 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 158 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 149 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 460 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 483 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 32 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 671 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 879 msec
astex_1k3u rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 730 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 765 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 881 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 137 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 906 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 838 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 626 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 808 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 712 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 751 msec
astex_1ke5 rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 671 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 6 seconds 683 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 16 seconds 216 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 27 seconds 561 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 42 seconds 638 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 27 seconds 876 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 18 seconds 149 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 17 seconds 849 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 14 seconds 964 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 21 seconds 550 msec
astex_1kzk rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 11 seconds 470 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 382 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 633 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 494 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 428 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 944 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 994 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 702 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 432 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 670 msec
astex_1l2s rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 992 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 83 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 4 seconds 990 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 4 seconds 902 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 305 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 58 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 31 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 81 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 4 seconds 982 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 6 msec
astex_1lrh rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 14 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 15 seconds 617 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 15 seconds 541 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 8 seconds 756 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds 319 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 17 seconds 921 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 17 seconds 724 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 171 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 44 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 486 msec
astex_1m2z rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 13 seconds 965 msec
astex_1meh rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 472 msec
astex_1meh rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 224 msec
astex_1meh rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 460 msec
astex_1meh rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 390 msec
astex_1meh rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 783 msec
astex_1meh rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 727 msec
astex_1meh rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 344 msec
astex_1meh rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 455 msec
astex_1meh rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 506 msec
astex_1meh rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 601 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 764 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 49 seconds 74 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 737 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 827 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 49 seconds 21 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 49 seconds 70 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 567 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 765 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 719 msec
astex_1n2j rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 696 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 439 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 765 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 801 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 956 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 16 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 77 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 16 seconds 956 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 16 seconds 934 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 16 seconds 519 msec
astex_1n2v rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 664 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 391 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 740 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 519 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 529 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 722 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 688 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 26 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 323 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 988 msec
astex_1n46 rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 70 msec
astex_1nav rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 22 msec
astex_1nav rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 297 msec
astex_1nav rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 373 msec
astex_1nav rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 579 msec
astex_1nav rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 966 msec
astex_1nav rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 895 msec
astex_1nav rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 594 msec
astex_1nav rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 789 msec
astex_1nav rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 904 msec
astex_1nav rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 633 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 365 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 292 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 468 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 263 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 997 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 958 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 118 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 327 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 117 msec
astex_1of1 rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 285 msec
astex_1opk rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 981 msec
astex_1opk rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 781 msec
astex_1opk rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 210 msec
astex_1opk rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 848 msec
astex_1opk rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 950 msec
astex_1opk rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 93 msec
astex_1opk rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 713 msec
astex_1opk rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 904 msec
astex_1opk rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 660 msec
astex_1opk rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 383 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 971 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 655 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 624 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 160 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 897 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 693 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 611 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 688 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 40 msec
astex_1p62 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 950 msec
astex_1q41 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 808 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 341 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 360 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 253 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 315 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 132 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 194 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 238 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 366 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 219 msec
astex_1q4g rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 170 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 347 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 911 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 417 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 36 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 974 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 440 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 630 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 539 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 563 msec
astex_1r55 rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 887 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 394 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 806 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 71 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 561 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 967 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 140 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 132 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 287 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 926 msec
astex_1r58 rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 664 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 686 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 581 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 580 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 554 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 858 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 744 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 647 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 897 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 454 msec
astex_1r9o rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 725 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 861 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 648 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 936 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 697 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 857 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 593 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 866 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 780 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 783 msec
astex_1sg0 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 859 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 733 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 62 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 769 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 895 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 884 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 393 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 969 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 428 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 258 msec
astex_1sq5 rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 796 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 107 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 104 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 374 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 498 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 442 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 419 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 448 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 706 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 769 msec
astex_1t40 rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 749 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 879 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 513 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 696 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 707 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 726 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 769 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 945 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 204 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 765 msec
astex_1t9b rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 770 msec
astex_1tow rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 428 msec
astex_1tow rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 971 msec
astex_1tow rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 259 msec
astex_1tow rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 494 msec
astex_1tow rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 4 msec
astex_1tow rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 603 msec
astex_1tow rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 492 msec
astex_1tow rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 362 msec
astex_1tow rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 88 msec
astex_1tow rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 90 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 416 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 877 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 888 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 60 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 842 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 170 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 742 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 647 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 726 msec
astex_1tz8 rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 558 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 369 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 953 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 849 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 266 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 669 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 743 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 234 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 525 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 122 msec
astex_1u1c rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 527 msec
astex_1u4d rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 4 msec
astex_1uml rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds 658 msec
astex_1uml rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 534 msec
astex_1uml rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 58 seconds 277 msec
astex_1uml rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 46 seconds 971 msec
astex_1uml rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds 671 msec
astex_1uml rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 3 seconds 684 msec
astex_1uml rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 25 seconds 325 msec
astex_1uml rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 649 msec
astex_1uml rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 250 msec
astex_1uml rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 5 seconds 333 msec
astex_1unl rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 57 msec
astex_1unl rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 994 msec
astex_1unl rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 981 msec
astex_1unl rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 628 msec
astex_1unl rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 394 msec
astex_1unl rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 869 msec
astex_1unl rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 43 msec
astex_1unl rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 304 msec
astex_1unl rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 948 msec
astex_1unl rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 181 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 239 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 371 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 500 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 395 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 662 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 560 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 428 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 192 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 645 msec
astex_1v0p rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 612 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 555 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 929 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 338 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 793 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 422 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 43 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 936 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 951 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 380 msec
astex_1v48 rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 217 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 223 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 199 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 732 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 849 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 77 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 72 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 61 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 358 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 625 msec
astex_1v4s rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 190 msec
astex_1w1p rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 410 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 645 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 488 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 217 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 805 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 230 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 171 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 780 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 548 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 273 msec
astex_1w2g rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 628 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 211 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 822 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 121 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 682 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 107 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 929 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 830 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 353 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 388 msec
astex_1xm6 rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 260 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 151 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 402 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 835 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 792 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 658 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 433 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 19 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 733 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 592 msec
astex_1xoq rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 470 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 108 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 688 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 349 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 193 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 964 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 71 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 792 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 148 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 385 msec
astex_1xoz rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 828 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 10 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 449 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 797 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 446 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 782 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 984 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 259 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 7 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 678 msec
astex_1yqy rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 538 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 103 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 470 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 315 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 987 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 333 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 984 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 489 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 595 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 195 msec
astex_1yvf rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 488 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 318 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 176 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 665 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 497 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 597 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 565 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 947 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 429 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 616 msec
astex_1z95 rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 90 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 830 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 535 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 285 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 390 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 688 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 841 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 782 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 360 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 594 msec
astex_2br1 rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 481 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 638 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 771 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 239 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 808 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 726 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 470 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 356 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 9 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 906 msec
astex_2bsm rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 350 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 315 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 717 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 23 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 816 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 40 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 1 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 972 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 13 msec
omegacsd_ABHYTZ rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 133 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 854 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 714 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 925 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 757 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 860 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 624 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 962 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 816 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 735 msec
omegacsd_ABIMAZ rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 616 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 366 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 482 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 151 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 981 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 625 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 103 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 410 msec
omegacsd_ABSBPP rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 892 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 696 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 313 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 35 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 270 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 259 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_ABVPRO rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 235 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 519 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 700 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 315 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 722 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 392 msec
omegacsd_ABZNPS rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 702 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 847 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 595 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 778 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 457 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 498 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 25 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 890 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 900 msec
omegacsd_ACENHT rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 832 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 633 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_ACPIXZ rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 688 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 928 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 376 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 487 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 493 msec
omegacsd_ACTHBZ rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 640 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 254 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 686 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 583 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 91 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 762 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 251 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 845 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_ADPRTR rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 763 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 125 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 417 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 442 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 914 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 394 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 266 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 558 msec
omegacsd_AMOCMS10 rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 73 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 98 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 294 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 575 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 699 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 296 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 489 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 484 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_AMPDAM rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 611 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 507 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 391 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 390 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 459 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 433 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 446 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 923 msec
omegacsd_ANOPPS rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 423 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 476 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 552 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 741 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 933 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 751 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 504 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOA rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 94 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 633 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 227 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 698 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 822 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 107 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 640 msec
omegacsd_ANTZOB rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 458 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 3 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 958 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 431 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 133 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 128 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 959 msec
omegacsd_AOPCHY rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 859 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 395 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 5 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 446 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 803 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 541 msec
omegacsd_APRTAM rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 686 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 665 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 77 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 977 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 832 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 541 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 558 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_AZLNPR rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 53 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 998 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 291 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 635 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 548 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 316 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 664 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 10 seconds 974 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 735 msec
omegacsd_BAFREF rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 105 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 41 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 114 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 356 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_BAFYOW rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 328 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 933 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 399 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 644 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 475 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 40 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 155 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 685 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 656 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 451 msec
omegacsd_BAJZOB10 rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 285 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 330 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 879 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 350 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 623 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 835 msec
omegacsd_BATXID rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 481 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 780 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 530 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 669 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 557 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 448 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 635 msec
omegacsd_BAXOZO rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 330 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 295 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 808 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 317 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 12 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 188 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_BBSPRT10 rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 159 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 548 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 928 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 716 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_BEDLUR rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 777 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 188 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 165 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 925 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 81 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 334 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 847 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 242 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 930 msec
omegacsd_BEHHOL10 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 524 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 734 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 891 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 29 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 210 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 325 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 4 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 775 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 166 msec
omegacsd_BEKDIE rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 544 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 939 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 7 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 962 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_BELWOE rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 73 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 397 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 684 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 498 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 881 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 268 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 755 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 811 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 117 msec
omegacsd_BENPRL rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 847 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 37 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 727 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 310 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 776 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 717 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 235 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 308 msec
omegacsd_BESCEH rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 973 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 895 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 394 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 159 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 331 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 53 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 256 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 393 msec
omegacsd_BETFAH rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 299 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 514 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 690 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 781 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 607 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_BEWLIY10 rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 498 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 583 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 625 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 601 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 471 msec
omegacsd_BEWLOE10 rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 687 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 814 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 757 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 418 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 25 msec
omegacsd_BEXVOP rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 913 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 456 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 868 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 271 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 482 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 514 msec
omegacsd_BHMPET rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 391 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 670 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 483 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 903 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 16 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 500 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 811 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 800 msec
omegacsd_BIBHID rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 851 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 149 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 526 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 13 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 659 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 139 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 435 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_BIBSEK rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 299 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 884 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 405 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 871 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 510 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 716 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_BSBTHP rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 349 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 29 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 811 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 767 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 882 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 453 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 78 msec
omegacsd_BTHYDX rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 400 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 262 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 549 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 530 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 667 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 82 msec
omegacsd_BUDCUY rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 5 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 297 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 732 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 769 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 539 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_BUFXOP rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 728 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 421 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 323 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 166 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 485 msec
omegacsd_BUHNIB rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 913 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 268 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 551 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 852 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 882 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_BUNFUL rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 605 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 559 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 542 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 470 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 579 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 512 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 409 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 479 msec
omegacsd_BUTDID rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 307 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 894 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 882 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 258 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 190 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 644 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 745 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 259 msec
omegacsd_BUVYIA rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 236 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 881 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 442 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 967 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 395 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 662 msec
omegacsd_BUYZIE rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 693 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 771 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 761 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 179 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 320 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_BZAPCX10 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 714 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 358 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 502 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 285 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 798 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 496 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 545 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 56 msec
omegacsd_BZAPUC20 rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 270 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 434 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 926 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 344 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 738 msec
omegacsd_CABCUD rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 517 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 496 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 667 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 551 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 386 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 938 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 873 msec
omegacsd_CAFGIZ rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 288 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 225 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 236 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 373 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 535 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 600 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 10 msec
omegacsd_CANPUC rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 176 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 339 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 557 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 535 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 513 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 309 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 563 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_CARNID rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 554 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 476 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 893 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 157 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 532 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 847 msec
omegacsd_CAVNUI rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_CBMHZP rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 548 msec
omegacsd_CBMHZP rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 233 msec
omegacsd_CBMHZP rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 370 msec
omegacsd_CBMHZP rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 145 msec
omegacsd_CBMHZP rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 202 msec
omegacsd_CBMHZP rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 443 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 866 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 746 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 493 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 326 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 325 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 813 msec
omegacsd_CBSTHP rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 580 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 543 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 777 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 351 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 628 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 950 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 776 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 986 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 723 msec
omegacsd_CBZHYX rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 346 msec
omegacsd_CDBMPI10 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 343 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 242 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 371 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 512 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 216 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 472 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 248 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 13 msec
omegacsd_CEJTIU rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 988 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 499 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 642 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 331 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 197 msec
omegacsd_CEKNOV rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 61 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 112 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 588 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 509 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 38 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 209 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 775 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_CELDEC rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 189 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 215 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 81 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 138 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 196 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 244 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 874 msec
omegacsd_CELXOG rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 539 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 682 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 414 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 444 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 189 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 127 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 113 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_CENNIS rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 915 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 544 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 475 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 361 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 799 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 989 msec
omegacsd_CETZOQ rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 810 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 602 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 495 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 478 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 549 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 427 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 491 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 114 msec
omegacsd_CEVTUS rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 768 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 47 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 201 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 795 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 901 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 877 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 903 msec
omegacsd_CEWFUF rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 461 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 451 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 27 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 27 seconds 841 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 636 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 45 seconds 590 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 479 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 343 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 523 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 884 msec
omegacsd_CFBPBI rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 3 seconds 239 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 353 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 878 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 600 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 999 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 24 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 77 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_CIBPEI rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 26 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 861 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 572 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 519 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 76 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 642 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 816 msec
omegacsd_CIBPOS rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 417 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 563 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 140 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 231 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 610 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 661 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 526 msec
omegacsd_CIDSIR rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 481 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 654 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 202 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 396 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 423 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 394 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_CIHFAA rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 452 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 829 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 504 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 803 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 0 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 309 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 340 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 205 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_CIHJAE rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 69 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 279 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 178 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 161 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 826 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 613 msec
omegacsd_CIJFEG rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 311 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 928 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 825 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 539 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 897 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 179 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 422 msec
omegacsd_CIJVAS rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 453 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 871 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 845 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 604 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 707 msec
omegacsd_CIPXEE rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 965 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 513 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 655 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 99 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 225 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 280 msec
omegacsd_CIXFIY rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 239 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 61 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 981 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 719 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 907 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 944 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 856 msec
omegacsd_CLPHAC rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 3 seconds 722 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 744 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 595 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 154 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 831 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 125 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 402 msec
omegacsd_CLPNXA rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 98 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 693 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 644 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 13 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 778 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 850 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 913 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 871 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_CLPSAM rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 788 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 434 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 329 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 577 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 488 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 430 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 371 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 439 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_CLPTBU rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 196 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 182 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 889 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 610 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 863 msec
omegacsd_CMANPQ rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 345 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 558 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 68 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 296 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 248 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 209 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 174 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_CMAPTX rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 850 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 690 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 192 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 538 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 248 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 347 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 254 msec
omegacsd_CMSMOC rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 44 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 51 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 500 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 406 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 724 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 671 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 124 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_CMXPMB rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 577 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 956 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 557 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 393 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 127 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 414 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 187 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 992 msec
omegacsd_CMXPYO rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 510 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 370 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 901 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 58 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 775 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 906 msec
omegacsd_CNBPCT rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 726 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 70 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 627 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 19 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 527 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 758 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_CNINDO rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 11 seconds 193 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 17 seconds 516 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 54 seconds 339 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 10 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 1 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 0 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 28 seconds 57 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 39 seconds 671 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 36 seconds 713 msec
omegacsd_COCHOL rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 28 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 394 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 201 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 654 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 813 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 563 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 371 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_CODYUP10 rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 768 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 748 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 743 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 837 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 324 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 644 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 214 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 102 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 700 msec
omegacsd_COFHIO10 rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 694 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 107 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 701 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 367 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 707 msec
omegacsd_COKBOT rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 161 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 64 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 68 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 686 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 319 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 850 msec
omegacsd_COKSUQ rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 589 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 402 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 966 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 743 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 344 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 195 msec
omegacsd_COKTAX rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 989 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 439 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 721 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 900 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 489 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 152 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 108 msec
omegacsd_COTXUE rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 65 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 604 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 343 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 533 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 227 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_COVXIU rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 86 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 481 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 955 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 762 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 214 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 124 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 861 msec
omegacsd_COYHUT10 rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 200 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 596 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 443 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 262 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 702 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_COYPIP rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 987 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 410 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 926 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 244 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 613 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 748 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 271 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 648 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_COYTOZ rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 615 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 23 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 919 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 53 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 974 msec
omegacsd_COYVIV rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 103 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 430 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 276 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 277 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 988 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 83 msec
omegacsd_COZFOM rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 726 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 469 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 465 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 245 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 699 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 466 msec
omegacsd_CPIPLA rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 520 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 180 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 527 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 464 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 499 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 435 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 840 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 745 msec
omegacsd_CPPHAM rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 309 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 180 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 106 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 922 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 403 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 932 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 426 msec
omegacsd_CPQZOL rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 51 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 295 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 938 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 794 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_CPYPTZ rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 926 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 402 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 998 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 884 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 132 msec
omegacsd_CUHNEY10 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 324 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 276 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 100 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 612 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 346 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 86 msec
omegacsd_CUJSAB rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 316 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 205 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 837 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 149 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 727 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 434 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 155 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 762 msec
omegacsd_CUNTIO rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 463 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 902 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 330 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 810 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 104 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 0 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 724 msec
omegacsd_CUSLUX rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 734 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 578 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 714 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 837 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 293 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 890 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 810 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 870 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_CUWRIV rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 885 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 856 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 243 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 186 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 442 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 696 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 762 msec
omegacsd_DABGUI rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 449 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 528 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 170 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 864 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 434 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 656 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 695 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 500 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 659 msec
omegacsd_DADDUH rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 297 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 412 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 135 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 970 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 178 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 813 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 993 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 690 msec
omegacsd_DAFTOT rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 1 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 884 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 23 seconds 888 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 175 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 23 seconds 827 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds 38 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 550 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 688 msec
omegacsd_DAFVUB rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 297 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 205 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 134 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 516 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 302 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 978 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_DAHNIJ rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 920 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 345 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 440 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 974 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 654 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 838 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 748 msec
omegacsd_DAKGEB rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 135 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 772 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 814 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 250 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 86 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 34 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 888 msec
omegacsd_DANNEL rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 790 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 648 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 354 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 444 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 29 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 530 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 314 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_DAWRAU rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 459 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 985 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 979 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 721 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 328 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 755 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 228 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 985 msec
omegacsd_DAXKAO rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 540 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 343 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 415 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 584 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 373 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 341 msec
omegacsd_DCLPET rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 976 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 440 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 539 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 656 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 560 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 582 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 665 msec
omegacsd_DCTXAN rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 330 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 209 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 803 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 27 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 63 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 554 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_DEBBER rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 401 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 458 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 944 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 860 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 622 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 735 msec
omegacsd_DEBBOB rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 752 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 222 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 970 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 993 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 84 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 89 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 673 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 256 msec
omegacsd_DEBFAR rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 300 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 190 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 304 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 19 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_DECZIU rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 141 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 361 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 797 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 954 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 964 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 511 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 145 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 605 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 1 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 343 msec
omegacsd_DENBUT rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 706 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 68 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 381 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 169 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 640 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 915 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_DENDAC rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 436 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 599 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 860 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 550 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 976 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 330 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 629 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_DERZAB rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 837 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 176 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 43 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 199 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 622 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 817 msec
omegacsd_DIAVER rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 436 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 433 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 175 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 382 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 620 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 559 msec
omegacsd_DIGSIV rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 185 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 454 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 392 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 172 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 277 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 765 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 883 msec
omegacsd_DISHOC rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 997 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 16 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 43 seconds 14 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 32 seconds 510 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 240 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 65 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 827 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_DIWPUU rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 519 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 321 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 415 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 572 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 707 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 896 msec
omegacsd_DIWWUB rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 197 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 253 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 978 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 607 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 230 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 308 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 315 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_DOHREX rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 886 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 233 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 839 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 93 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 37 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 128 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 18 msec
omegacsd_DOLJIX rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 912 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 642 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 346 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 537 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 125 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 596 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 141 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 741 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 918 msec
omegacsd_DOPXIP rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 485 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 602 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 333 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 227 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 496 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 516 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 39 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 926 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 891 msec
omegacsd_DOTFEX rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 352 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 311 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 757 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 300 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 27 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 465 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 476 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_DOXANN rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 871 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 11 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 493 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 296 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 635 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 884 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_DUDNUL rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 800 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 101 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 612 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 583 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 83 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 535 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 713 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 391 msec
omegacsd_DUDPAT rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 602 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 160 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 0 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 205 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 64 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 933 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 37 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 825 msec
omegacsd_DUHSUU rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 506 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 427 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 726 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 754 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 512 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 646 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 956 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 882 msec
omegacsd_DUMTAG rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 878 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 307 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 976 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 65 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 167 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 675 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 0 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 56 msec
omegacsd_DUPKII rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 403 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 182 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 874 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 949 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 408 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 94 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 974 msec
omegacsd_DUXYOK rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 514 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 57 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 806 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 224 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 313 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 220 msec
omegacsd_DUZDAD rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 810 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 541 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 70 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 461 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 585 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 310 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_EBTNIC rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 258 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 646 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 964 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 641 msec
omegacsd_ECBHMP rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 446 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 812 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 861 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 484 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 762 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 193 msec
omegacsd_EHMPYX10 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 646 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 639 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 357 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 59 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 289 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 868 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_EITDZL rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 823 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 720 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 325 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 451 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 164 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 69 msec
omegacsd_EMZPPO rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 18 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 103 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 198 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 320 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 625 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 180 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 881 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 665 msec
omegacsd_EPCMPO rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 452 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 869 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 978 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 810 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 713 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 730 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 584 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 145 msec
omegacsd_EXOADN rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 599 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 788 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 622 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 304 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 722 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 697 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 216 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 147 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 229 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 625 msec
omegacsd_FABSOQ10 rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 582 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 138 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 608 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 443 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 956 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 349 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 358 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 859 msec
omegacsd_FABWUA10 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 832 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 331 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 174 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 359 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 4 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 166 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 777 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_FACCER10 rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 8 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 47 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 48 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 50 seconds 354 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 48 seconds 528 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 34 seconds 40 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 415 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 16 seconds 3 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 11 seconds 24 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_FAGHIE rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 11 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 414 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 949 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 925 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_FAHTUD rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 845 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 66 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 624 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 787 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 707 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 413 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 378 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 373 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_FAHXIV rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 18 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 741 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 856 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 724 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 457 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 200 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 647 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_FANPUF rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 266 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 144 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 66 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 121 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_FAVYEG rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 119 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 979 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 76 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 167 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 706 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 321 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 619 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_FAWREA rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 777 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 282 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 488 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 11 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 384 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 975 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 34 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 973 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 126 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 698 msec
omegacsd_FAXPUP rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 3 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 763 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 944 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 597 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 991 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_FBPAZD rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 857 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 570 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 605 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 627 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 578 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 396 msec
omegacsd_FECPUY rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 101 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 836 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 621 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 907 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 516 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 345 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_FEFPOV rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 304 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 198 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 79 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 168 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 963 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 996 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 30 msec
omegacsd_FEMMAL rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 179 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 554 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 954 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 979 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 39 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 405 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 566 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 752 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 239 msec
omegacsd_FEWBAK rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 977 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 51 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 380 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 903 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 509 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 53 msec
omegacsd_FEYJEY rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 464 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 626 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 599 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 675 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 24 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 870 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 600 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 290 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 191 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_FEYKUP rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 918 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 335 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 189 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 400 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 2 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 530 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 896 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 432 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 179 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_FHFPBY rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 713 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 571 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 86 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 321 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 121 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_FIBREN rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 341 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 559 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 290 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 654 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 442 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 40 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 130 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 240 msec
omegacsd_FIJJUD rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 45 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 559 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 469 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 314 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 199 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 258 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 781 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_FIVPUV rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 18 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 888 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 991 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 845 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 896 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 906 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 866 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 793 msec
omegacsd_FIWLUS rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 831 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 14 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 202 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 579 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 789 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_FIXNUV rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 650 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 970 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 143 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 201 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 44 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 383 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 721 msec
omegacsd_FLPNTX10 rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 970 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 198 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 126 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 767 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 370 msec
omegacsd_FOBZIF rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 959 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 335 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 991 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 468 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 900 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 447 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 395 msec
omegacsd_FOGWAZ rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 234 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 121 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 155 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 151 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 128 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 106 msec
omegacsd_FOJZUZ rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 34 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 485 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 553 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 282 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 53 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 976 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 786 msec
omegacsd_FOLMEY rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 727 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 393 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 380 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 161 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 268 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 270 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 313 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 905 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 238 msec
omegacsd_FOMDUG rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 470 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 220 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 144 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 39 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 164 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 919 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 167 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 14 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_FOWPOW rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 106 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 229 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 601 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 138 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 522 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 697 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_FOYLIO rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 845 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 946 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 939 msec
omegacsd_FPAMCA rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 356 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 776 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 857 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 490 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 482 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 184 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 491 msec
omegacsd_FUCFIS rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 998 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 545 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 671 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 840 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 183 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 938 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 201 msec
omegacsd_FUDVUV rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 352 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 86 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 694 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 153 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 880 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 243 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 176 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 313 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 390 msec
omegacsd_FUGSIJ rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 167 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 61 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_FUHHAR rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 444 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 211 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 34 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 452 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 415 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 217 msec
omegacsd_FUHLID rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 377 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 305 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 750 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 549 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 448 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 868 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_FUJRUX rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 601 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 736 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 764 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 683 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 539 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 988 msec
omegacsd_FUMBOE rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 589 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 871 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 840 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 42 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 107 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 794 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 822 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 944 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 97 msec
omegacsd_FUNXUH rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 171 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 436 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 82 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 965 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 532 msec
omegacsd_FUNYAO rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 461 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 412 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 439 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 598 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 444 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 667 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 387 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 127 msec
omegacsd_FURACM rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 431 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 894 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 919 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 462 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 334 msec
omegacsd_FURKEI rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 144 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 99 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 427 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 877 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 163 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 412 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 768 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 979 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_FURSEM01 rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 189 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 453 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 378 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 662 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 897 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 257 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 27 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 496 msec
omegacsd_FUSZOI rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 251 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 282 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 672 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 816 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 596 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 80 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 347 msec
omegacsd_GAKWIY rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 323 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 296 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 111 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 968 msec
omegacsd_GALSEM rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 355 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 773 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 100 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 278 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 852 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 774 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 381 msec
omegacsd_GANFIK rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 50 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 220 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 843 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 989 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 316 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 855 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 290 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 963 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 345 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_GASPUL rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 105 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 402 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 321 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 185 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 341 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 224 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 313 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 147 msec
omegacsd_GASXED rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 915 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 243 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 761 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 744 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 375 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 786 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 514 msec
omegacsd_GATPOG rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 183 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 657 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 452 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 803 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 582 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 671 msec
omegacsd_GAVMIZ rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 972 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 145 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 191 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 940 msec
omegacsd_GEBJOM rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 502 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 739 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 423 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 559 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 454 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 605 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 366 msec
omegacsd_GEHKIN rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 26 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 357 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 751 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 196 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 308 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 202 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 218 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 99 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 799 msec
omegacsd_GEJJUA rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 98 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 854 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 683 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 162 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 978 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 302 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 168 msec
omegacsd_GEJLAI rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 391 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 629 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 920 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 532 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 307 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 356 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 454 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 23 msec
omegacsd_GIFZAW rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 445 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 652 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 614 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 400 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 647 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 836 msec
omegacsd_GIHKAJ rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 23 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 507 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 444 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 823 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 505 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 700 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 112 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 307 msec
omegacsd_GIHTUM rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 972 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 408 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 463 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 437 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 25 seconds 804 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 880 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 515 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 987 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_GIHWUP rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 588 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 314 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 279 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 312 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 893 msec
omegacsd_GIKJOZ rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 145 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 41 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 823 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 159 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 701 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 27 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_GINKUJ rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 667 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 447 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 101 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 188 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 63 msec
omegacsd_HADLAZ rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 778 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 116 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 852 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 755 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 784 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 739 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 30 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 923 msec
omegacsd_HALDOL rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 60 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 64 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 672 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 957 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 430 msec
omegacsd_HALJOT rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 107 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 951 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 939 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 150 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 102 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 558 msec
omegacsd_HALOPE rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 214 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 571 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 165 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 193 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 351 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_HALSES rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 266 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 850 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 767 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 614 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 203 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 421 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 896 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 893 msec
omegacsd_HASCOT rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 993 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 377 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 685 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 548 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 959 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_HATKES rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 51 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 892 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 881 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 4 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 886 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 907 msec
omegacsd_HAVJET rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 982 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 909 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 136 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 564 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 807 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 919 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 203 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 385 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 238 msec
omegacsd_HAVLUL rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 725 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 481 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 802 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 530 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 517 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 152 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 769 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 408 msec
omegacsd_HAVRUR rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 521 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 114 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 301 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 108 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 168 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 190 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 171 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 311 msec
omegacsd_HBFRAN rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 993 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 997 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 815 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 336 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 628 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_HECHEC rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 685 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 753 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 343 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 215 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 319 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 44 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_HEHVOF rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_HEJTAR rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 66 msec
omegacsd_HEJTAR rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 493 msec
omegacsd_HEJTAR rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 287 msec
omegacsd_HEJTAR rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 832 msec
omegacsd_HEJTAR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 469 msec
omegacsd_HEJTAR rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 168 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 956 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 958 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 773 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 522 msec
omegacsd_HEKROE rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 874 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 309 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 112 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 314 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 89 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_HEKZAY rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 194 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 771 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 432 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 428 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 333 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 256 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_HEMLOA rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 226 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 855 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 279 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 641 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 464 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 691 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 789 msec
omegacsd_HEMWUR rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 487 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 633 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 382 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 851 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 591 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 604 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 184 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 195 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 202 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 492 msec
omegacsd_HEMXIG rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 462 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 563 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 446 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 804 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 277 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 244 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 80 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 909 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_HEPGAK rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 161 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 407 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 469 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 697 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 664 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 203 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 973 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 734 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 372 msec
omegacsd_HEPKUI rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 396 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 489 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 7 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 83 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 315 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 661 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 191 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 440 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_HEVRIJ rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 668 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 420 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 575 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 150 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 417 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 642 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 498 msec
omegacsd_HEVXEL rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 266 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 434 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 180 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 504 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_HEXFEV rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 214 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 695 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 639 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 951 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 159 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 848 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 894 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 276 msec
omegacsd_HEXYIS rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 918 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 691 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 274 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 278 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 635 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 363 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 161 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 192 msec
omegacsd_JOTDAX rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 334 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 993 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 464 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 698 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 719 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 695 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 350 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 834 msec
omegacsd_JOXFIL rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 45 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 548 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 697 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 456 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 513 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 108 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 320 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 716 msec
omegacsd_JUBGES rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 264 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 681 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 551 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 64 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 949 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 647 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 991 msec
omegacsd_JUDLUP rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 957 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 873 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 311 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 625 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 895 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 636 msec
omegacsd_JUDWEK rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 656 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 182 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 750 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 858 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 764 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 58 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 353 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 491 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 393 msec
omegacsd_JUHHEZ rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 729 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 800 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 556 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 459 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 696 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 615 msec
omegacsd_JUKZUK rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 960 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 536 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 997 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 972 msec
omegacsd_JUVPAR rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 200 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 848 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 517 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 457 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 744 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_KABJOM rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 788 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 292 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 999 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 865 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 276 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 991 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 764 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 981 msec
omegacsd_KACKII rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 943 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 898 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 584 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds 5 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 556 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 708 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_KAVLIC rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 607 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 620 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 407 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 66 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 418 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 932 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_KAVNOK rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 336 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 825 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 531 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 383 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 457 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 523 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 526 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 553 msec
omegacsd_KAXXAI rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 506 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 222 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 484 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 868 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 23 msec
omegacsd_KEBVES rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 566 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 161 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 105 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 383 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 40 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 395 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 498 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 599 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 114 msec
omegacsd_KECDUR rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 935 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 191 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 116 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 579 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 333 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 580 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 696 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 326 msec
omegacsd_KEJBEG rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 789 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 648 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 26 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 426 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 947 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 143 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 736 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 172 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 663 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 73 msec
omegacsd_KEJGEL rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 340 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 156 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 449 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 499 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 794 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 925 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 545 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 629 msec
omegacsd_KICRIX rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 738 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 950 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 45 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 148 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 72 msec
omegacsd_KIFZAA rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 647 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 774 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 433 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 566 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 317 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 251 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 644 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 344 msec
omegacsd_KIHWAZ rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 780 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 311 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 608 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 818 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 272 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 892 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 753 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_KIHWED rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 589 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 23 seconds 851 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 664 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 466 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 81 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 589 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_KINJIA rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 855 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 42 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 3 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 987 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 70 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 205 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_KIXLOS rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 584 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 726 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 923 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 602 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 659 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 484 msec
omegacsd_KOFKUL rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 231 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 448 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 684 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 566 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 158 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 674 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 458 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 773 msec
omegacsd_KOFLIA rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 377 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 993 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 991 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 167 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 914 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 506 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 534 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_KOFLOG rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 889 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 471 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 182 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 370 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 724 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 650 msec
omegacsd_KOFMIB rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 730 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 885 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 707 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 601 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 52 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 68 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 575 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 512 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_KOJMEB rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 100 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 138 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 827 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 415 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 47 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 593 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_KOKBIV rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 71 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 405 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 29 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 226 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 193 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 959 msec
omegacsd_KOTGIJ rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 245 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 791 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 466 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 806 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 216 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 700 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 378 msec
omegacsd_KUBHEU rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 730 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 61 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 204 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 164 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 636 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 893 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 194 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 157 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 64 msec
omegacsd_KUFPIK rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 880 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 716 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 613 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 447 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 623 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 646 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 25 seconds 288 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 610 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 659 msec
omegacsd_KUHNUW rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 973 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 863 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 179 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 634 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 785 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 835 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_LABLOP rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 203 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 836 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 581 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 499 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 393 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 426 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_LACCEX rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 743 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 272 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 717 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 426 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 680 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 101 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 235 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 804 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 784 msec
omegacsd_LACPAG rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 566 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 191 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 445 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 520 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 39 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 333 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 928 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 798 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_LADTOZ rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 873 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 857 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 954 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 234 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 3 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 672 msec
omegacsd_LANXED rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 40 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 860 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 748 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 745 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 712 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_LAWJEY rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 702 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 454 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 3 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 291 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 362 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 987 msec
omegacsd_LAXWEM rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 245 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 920 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 113 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 408 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 70 msec
omegacsd_LEDWAS rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 637 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 551 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 800 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 604 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 745 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 764 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 742 msec
omegacsd_LEKMET rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 746 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 485 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 628 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 723 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 843 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_LELROJ rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 498 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 542 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 500 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 424 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 43 seconds 938 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 169 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 39 seconds 178 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 23 seconds 234 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 957 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 770 msec
omegacsd_LEMXIK rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 92 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 510 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 482 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 843 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 633 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 732 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 818 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 621 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 35 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 738 msec
omegacsd_LERKAU rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 69 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 476 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 448 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 287 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 181 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 153 msec
omegacsd_LETBAN rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 233 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 41 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 902 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 803 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 768 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 45 msec
omegacsd_LETBUH rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 714 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 752 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 13 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 739 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 985 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 850 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 668 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 607 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 288 msec
omegacsd_LEVTOV rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 913 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 353 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 233 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 291 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 957 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 427 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 626 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 15 msec
omegacsd_LEZGOM rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 200 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 360 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 439 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 337 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 56 seconds 59 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 8 seconds 790 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 610 msec
omegacsd_LIKBUC rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 211 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 285 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 14 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 521 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 962 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 149 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 147 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 63 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 456 msec
omegacsd_LIKGIV rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 900 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 636 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 571 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 131 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 509 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 996 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 812 msec
omegacsd_LIKMEX rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 234 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 681 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 431 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 29 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 41 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 799 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 403 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 278 msec
omegacsd_LINLAV rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 124 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 472 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 961 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 870 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 577 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 432 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 350 msec
omegacsd_MAMNAQ rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 708 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 184 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 82 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 94 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 270 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_MATSTA10 rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 141 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 97 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 86 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 706 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 917 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 362 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 88 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 599 msec
omegacsd_MBZTZT10 rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 741 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 217 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 495 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 912 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 960 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 219 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 701 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 579 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_MICONZ rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 583 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 886 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 37 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 703 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 965 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 35 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 237 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 985 msec
omegacsd_MINTSA rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 134 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 239 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 532 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 731 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 933 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 692 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 362 msec
omegacsd_MLDPHE10 rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 123 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 163 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 221 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 534 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 190 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 941 msec
omegacsd_MOPBZA rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 992 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 723 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 26 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 470 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 198 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 413 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 179 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 479 msec
omegacsd_MRMPYR rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 596 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 418 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 410 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 425 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 538 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 670 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 639 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 859 msec
omegacsd_MTBPNP rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 735 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 130 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 489 msec
omegacsd_MVERIQ rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 253 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 908 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 812 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 27 seconds 652 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 89 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 58 seconds 276 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 27 seconds 23 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 114 msec
omegacsd_NADYIA rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 439 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 495 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 820 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 527 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 670 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 477 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 600 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 7 msec
omegacsd_NADZIB rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 569 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 728 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 567 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 290 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 503 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 901 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 702 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 566 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 193 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_NBPENC rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 72 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 71 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 354 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 760 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 860 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 300 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 221 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 738 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 909 msec
omegacsd_NFCSEY rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 82 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 197 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 675 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 422 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 714 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 174 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 25 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 743 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_PACVUK rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 367 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 381 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 777 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 602 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 806 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 996 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 409 msec
omegacsd_PAPPHI rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 112 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 211 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 26 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 274 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 120 msec
omegacsd_PBBSHD rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 383 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 626 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 366 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 299 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 410 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 412 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 765 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_PBYXCH rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 903 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 738 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 329 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 227 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 391 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 102 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_PCPTZA rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 728 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 278 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 952 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 32 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 546 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 308 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 842 msec
omegacsd_PEBHAF rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 650 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 212 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 108 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 155 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 937 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 960 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_PEKCEO rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_PEXFED rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 104 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 742 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 347 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 186 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 616 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 732 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 638 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 181 msec
omegacsd_PEXJEH rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 757 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 248 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 180 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 597 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 392 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 153 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 749 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 999 msec
omegacsd_PIBSXM rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 894 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 246 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 143 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 482 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 861 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 988 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 636 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 165 msec
omegacsd_PIDSIE rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 506 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 640 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 3 seconds 211 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 632 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 933 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 311 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 167 msec
omegacsd_PIDWOO rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 629 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 171 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 949 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 856 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 982 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 420 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_PIKDIW rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 6 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 372 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 843 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 817 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 661 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 195 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 713 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 561 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 340 msec
omegacsd_PILCOC rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 630 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 998 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 147 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 557 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_PINSAG rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 319 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 616 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 143 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 278 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 761 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 935 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_PKOJSI rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 357 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 602 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 442 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 667 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 127 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 89 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 263 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 935 msec
omegacsd_PMAANO01 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 826 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 11 seconds 439 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 5 seconds 628 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 23 seconds 810 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 7 seconds 87 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 5 seconds 631 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 39 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 433 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 39 seconds 133 msec
omegacsd_PMANAQ rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 479 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 589 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 358 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 163 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 435 msec
omegacsd_PMBSAN10 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 438 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 339 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 520 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 445 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 403 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 601 msec
omegacsd_PMCPRC10 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 770 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 386 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 31 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 294 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 373 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 820 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_PMEPEN rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 668 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 412 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 115 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 376 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 788 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 336 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 302 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 65 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 976 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 660 msec
omegacsd_PMPAIN rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 384 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 43 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 562 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 648 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 644 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 761 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 661 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 668 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 999 msec
omegacsd_PMPBTZ rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 67 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 863 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 968 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 256 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 61 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 646 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 235 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 803 msec
omegacsd_PMTSZD rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_PNBPIP rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 673 msec
omegacsd_PNBPIP rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_PNBPIP rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 215 msec
omegacsd_PNBPIP rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 421 msec
omegacsd_PNBPIP rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 1 msec
omegacsd_PNBPIP rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 747 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 295 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 508 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 329 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 763 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 213 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 259 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 694 msec
omegacsd_PNPAUR rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 78 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 779 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 739 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 652 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 156 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 622 msec
omegacsd_PTHPAL rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 170 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 411 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 625 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 473 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 7 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 775 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 273 msec
omegacsd_PXBVCP10 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 97 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 72 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 251 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 799 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 510 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 339 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 113 msec
omegacsd_PXEZSD rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 698 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 555 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 443 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 576 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 469 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 396 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 465 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 350 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 515 msec
omegacsd_PXMPEN rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 888 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 880 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 391 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 361 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 468 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 746 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 870 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 98 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 352 msec
omegacsd_PYMSBZ rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 367 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 301 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 562 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 378 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 675 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 295 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 176 msec
omegacsd_QQQHDG10 rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 150 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 272 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 474 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 879 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 11 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 92 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 149 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 588 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 811 msec
omegacsd_SADXIE rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 548 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 42 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 562 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 134 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 199 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 784 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 908 msec
omegacsd_SAGMUI rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 812 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 558 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 365 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 121 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 407 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 892 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 327 msec
omegacsd_SAVXOC rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 255 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 399 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 515 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 329 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 155 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 454 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 783 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_SAVYET rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 150 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 587 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 577 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 859 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 189 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 800 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_SAVZEU rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 385 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 704 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 386 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 10 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 856 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 779 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_SEFLIY rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 883 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 359 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 878 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 651 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 327 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 267 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 978 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 775 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_SEMDET rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 545 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 561 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 321 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 155 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 621 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 723 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 875 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 407 msec
omegacsd_SEMXEN rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 534 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 421 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 538 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 833 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 72 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 511 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 907 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 476 msec
omegacsd_SEYMIS rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 505 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 428 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 928 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 192 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 565 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 158 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 207 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 849 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 103 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 496 msec
omegacsd_SEYPUH rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 577 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 559 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 867 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 446 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 987 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 756 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 873 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 885 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 100 msec
omegacsd_SFDMOX rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 790 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 923 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 530 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 688 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 941 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 549 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 437 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 996 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 958 msec
omegacsd_SIFJIA rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 578 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 132 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 633 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 758 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 527 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 186 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 504 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_SIHDES rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 881 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 25 seconds 362 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 221 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 789 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 69 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 501 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds 577 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds 880 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 510 msec
omegacsd_SIHDIW rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 319 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 613 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 247 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 314 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 752 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 562 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 616 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 258 msec
omegacsd_SIHVUA rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 297 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 25 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 154 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 544 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 520 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 804 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 69 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 394 msec
omegacsd_SILTUC rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 599 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 811 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 403 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 830 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 44 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 949 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 863 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 701 msec
omegacsd_SINKUV rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 56 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 16 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 205 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 184 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 805 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 573 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 449 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 147 msec
omegacsd_SISYIC rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 409 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 45 seconds 60 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 37 seconds 214 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 33 seconds 708 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 968 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 8 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 32 seconds 558 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 39 seconds 430 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 2 seconds 197 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 299 msec
omegacsd_SIZDOU rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 902 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 4 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 495 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 888 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 109 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 561 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 748 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMB04 rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 696 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 359 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 325 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 130 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 817 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 66 msec
omegacsd_SLFNMF02 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 799 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 665 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 377 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 986 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 351 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_SOPNAM rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 71 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 640 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 958 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 28 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 917 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 292 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 623 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 573 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_SOPSIZ rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 272 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 479 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 41 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 831 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 647 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 108 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 4 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 295 msec
omegacsd_SORCOR rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 146 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 912 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 764 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 177 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 348 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 409 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 339 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 235 msec
omegacsd_SOWCOW rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 14 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 241 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 271 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 15 seconds 294 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 634 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 0 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 13 seconds 712 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 934 msec
omegacsd_SPIRIL rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 25 seconds 972 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 782 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 685 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 493 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 563 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 338 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 174 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 484 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 44 msec
omegacsd_SURREC rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 128 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 619 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 160 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 494 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 319 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 77 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 252 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 662 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_TAJSEC rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 820 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 34 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 825 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 475 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 169 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 669 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 879 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 824 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 866 msec
omegacsd_TANNOL rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 384 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 222 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 106 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 885 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 383 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 25 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 616 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 989 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 53 msec
omegacsd_TAPBZO rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 240 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 243 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 456 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 890 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 372 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 827 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 579 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 925 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 560 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_TAPSOS rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 321 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 431 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 147 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 992 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 139 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 324 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 295 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 786 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 819 msec
omegacsd_TAPZEP rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 49 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 481 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 134 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 53 seconds 249 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 619 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 46 seconds 845 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 45 seconds 707 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 263 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 451 msec
omegacsd_TAZPUF rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 649 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 945 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 223 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 185 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 615 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 970 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 397 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 696 msec
omegacsd_TECSUP rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 950 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 685 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 840 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 903 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 772 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 851 msec
omegacsd_TEDBUZ rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 726 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 352 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 287 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 3 seconds 635 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 535 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 881 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds 108 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 840 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 535 msec
omegacsd_TPHPRO rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 521 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 759 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 768 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 698 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 68 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 274 msec
omegacsd_VADTAV rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 245 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 801 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 643 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 694 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 642 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 956 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 466 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 82 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 56 msec
omegacsd_VAMBOA rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 96 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 694 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 325 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 63 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 609 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 0 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 959 msec
omegacsd_VAMCUH rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 410 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 601 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 424 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 305 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 611 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 136 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 138 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 98 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 811 msec
omegacsd_VAYXOI rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 305 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 440 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 911 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 522 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 575 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 703 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 792 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 966 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 105 msec
omegacsd_VEMCIZ rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 425 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 710 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 706 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 52 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 855 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 279 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 275 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 755 msec
omegacsd_VENRUB rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 631 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 537 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 532 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 133 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 905 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 793 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 504 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 64 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 299 msec
omegacsd_VEXROF rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 409 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 562 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 60 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 141 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 634 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 127 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 730 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 491 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 773 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 308 msec
omegacsd_VEYRAS rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 603 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 872 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 828 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 857 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 260 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 148 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 472 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 539 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 316 msec
omegacsd_VIBNID rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 65 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 409 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 915 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 824 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 866 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 330 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 182 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 893 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 225 msec
omegacsd_VIBWIM rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 389 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 790 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 303 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 637 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 982 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 809 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 60 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 893 msec
omegacsd_VIPHOR rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 436 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 300 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 588 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 516 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 771 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 883 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 824 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 671 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 418 msec
omegacsd_VOPDIN rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 62 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 617 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 5 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 890 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 749 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 631 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 958 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 119 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 13 msec
omegacsd_VORBAF rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 766 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 410 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 428 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 232 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 19 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 196 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 924 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 513 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_VORDAH rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 145 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 665 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 861 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 955 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 211 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 492 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 368 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 645 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 240 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 154 msec
omegacsd_VORJER rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 837 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 382 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 281 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 74 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 379 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 245 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 663 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 317 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 172 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 286 msec
omegacsd_VOWXEK rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 61 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 407 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 858 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 838 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 432 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 859 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 814 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 594 msec
omegacsd_VOXHAR rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 310 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 772 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 829 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 89 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 862 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 836 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 699 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_VOXMOK rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 930 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 817 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 825 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 606 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 457 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 900 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 331 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 522 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 604 msec
omegacsd_VOXNOL rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 154 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 660 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 201 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 270 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 52 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 525 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 163 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 502 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 198 msec
omegacsd_VUGDEG rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 824 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 268 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 662 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 712 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 171 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 305 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 196 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 60 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 814 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 2 msec
omegacsd_VUSKID rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 22 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 882 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 458 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 574 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 388 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 683 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 461 msec
omegacsd_WAMZAL rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 156 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 873 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 126 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 143 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 160 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 287 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 658 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 820 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 995 msec
omegacsd_WASTEP rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 269 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 168 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 631 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 320 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 971 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 76 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 462 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 217 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 528 msec
omegacsd_WAVTIW rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 676 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 78 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 569 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 250 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 118 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 806 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 20 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 983 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 714 msec
omegacsd_WELGAV rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 797 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 226 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 292 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 313 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 380 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 156 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 648 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 761 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 953 msec
omegacsd_WESFOP rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 441 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 697 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 309 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 659 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 733 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 527 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 390 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 829 msec
omegacsd_WESZOJ rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 288 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 194 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 99 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 359 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 224 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 142 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 932 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 261 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 162 msec
omegacsd_WEVTIA rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 84 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 318 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 134 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 813 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 48 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 844 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 33 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 362 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 944 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 621 msec
omegacsd_WEXBEG rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 870 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 838 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 616 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 608 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 718 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 492 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 666 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 681 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 247 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 506 msec
omegacsd_WIFREI rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 972 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 298 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 328 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 448 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 538 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 543 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 342 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 404 msec
omegacsd_WIKJOP rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 354 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 670 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 547 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 79 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 930 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 316 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 672 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 647 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 349 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 158 msec
omegacsd_YABKOB rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 919 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 788 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 431 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 575 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 9 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 10 seconds 315 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 910 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 461 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 184 msec
omegacsd_YAGWOS rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 54 seconds 398 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 470 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 916 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 979 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 940 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 240 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 18 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 615 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 721 msec
omegacsd_YAHBOY rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 740 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 497 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 231 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 519 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 528 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 986 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 895 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 795 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 55 msec
omegacsd_YAHFAO rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 975 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 43 seconds 36 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 227 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 36 seconds 519 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 15 seconds 129 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 28 seconds 450 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 715 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 34 seconds 500 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 39 seconds 270 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 42 seconds 861 msec
omegacsd_YAZBAC rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 13 seconds 80 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 17 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 615 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 682 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 653 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 137 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 310 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 882 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 430 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_YAZHUC rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 512 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 902 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 29 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 838 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 969 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 18 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 364 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 106 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 299 msec
omegacsd_YEMNEJ rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 975 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 238 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 183 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 711 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 607 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 284 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 491 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 31 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 135 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 863 msec
omegacsd_YENLEI rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 10 seconds 302 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 306 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 786 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 563 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 9 seconds 690 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 3 seconds 890 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 976 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 51 seconds 429 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 593 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 390 msec
omegacsd_YESPIV rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 293 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 23 seconds 670 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 877 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 504 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 180 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 256 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 832 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 90 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 283 msec
omegacsd_YEYVED rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 470 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 929 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 455 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 39 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 966 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 122 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 568 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 374 msec
omegacsd_YICPIJ rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 506 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 682 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 573 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 639 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 345 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 841 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 423 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 592 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 946 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 773 msec
omegacsd_YILDOM rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 796 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 921 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 765 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 951 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 754 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 902 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 613 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 790 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 941 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 271 msec
omegacsd_YINDII rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 487 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 753 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 590 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 808 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 551 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 290 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 702 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 637 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 734 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 705 msec
omegacsd_YITLES rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 923 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 361 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 821 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 629 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 146 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 78 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 466 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 857 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 709 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 85 msec
omegacsd_YOPRAW rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 813 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 34 seconds 769 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 419 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 454 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 286 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 948 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 505 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 178 msec
omegacsd_YOPWOP rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 918 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 853 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 254 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 698 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 678 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 480 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 486 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 667 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 422 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 218 msec
omegacsd_YOSMOI rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 332 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 840 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 927 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 737 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 753 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 532 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 689 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 152 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 843 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 904 msec
omegacsd_YOWVOV rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 984 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 515 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 797 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 243 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 529 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 695 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 46 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 274 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 315 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 460 msec
omegacsd_YOWYAK rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 618 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 522 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 672 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 11 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 127 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 826 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 586 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 808 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 968 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 966 msec
omegacsd_YOXDEU rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 832 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 979 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 854 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 970 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 123 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 247 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 106 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 938 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 939 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 687 msec
omegacsd_YUKKUK rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 846 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 944 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 397 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 611 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 598 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 95 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 984 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 361 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 35 seconds 870 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 679 msec
omegacsd_YUKNAT rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 788 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 191 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 905 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 75 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 12 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 528 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 804 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 588 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 366 msec
omegacsd_YULXIM rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 962 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 481 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 479 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 305 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 369 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 876 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 227 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 660 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd63-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 283 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 926 msec
omegacsd_YULZOU rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 677 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 942 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 73 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 985 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 416 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 467 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 16 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 936 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 265 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 173 msec
omegacsd_YUYJEH rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 163 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 5 seconds 267 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 39 seconds 788 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 57 seconds 891 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 59 seconds 101 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 2 seconds 755 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 58 seconds 936 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 20 seconds 488 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 52 seconds 305 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 54 seconds 336 msec
omegapdb_1b6l rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 43 seconds 872 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 26 seconds 359 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 46 seconds 646 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 53 seconds 257 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds 535 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 403 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 995 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 27 seconds 82 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 830 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 35 seconds 179 msec
omegapdb_1bhx rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 12 seconds 561 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 131 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 441 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 336 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 185 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 868 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 880 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 574 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 558 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 217 msec
omegapdb_1bto rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 818 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 30 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 146 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 248 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 970 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 757 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 205 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 620 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 240 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 5 seconds 252 msec
omegapdb_1c1u rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 493 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 836 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 180 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 860 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 23 seconds 226 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 606 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 379 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 657 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 23 seconds 169 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 783 msec
omegapdb_1d09 rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 621 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 256 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 771 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 812 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 444 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 545 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 772 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 604 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 385 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 314 msec
omegapdb_1d3g rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 282 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 798 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 885 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 662 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 768 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 581 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 924 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 719 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 72 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 723 msec
omegapdb_1d3h rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 824 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 6 seconds 340 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 59 seconds 253 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 33 seconds 190 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 19 seconds 176 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 20 seconds 166 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 27 seconds 183 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 5 seconds 317 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 4 seconds 359 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 50 seconds 570 msec
omegapdb_1d4i rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 0 seconds 965 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 46 seconds 792 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 51 seconds 332 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 7 seconds 542 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 24 seconds 819 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 21 seconds 476 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 19 seconds 816 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 19 seconds 924 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 43 seconds 572 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 25 seconds 908 msec
omegapdb_1d4l rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 37 seconds 397 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 19 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 47 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 395 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 979 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 362 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 582 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 154 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 362 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 337 msec
omegapdb_1d8d rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 782 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 186 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 600 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 785 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 57 seconds 69 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 484 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 967 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 839 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 441 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 144 msec
omegapdb_1dfo rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 940 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 454 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 520 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 485 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 510 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 552 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 483 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 516 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 575 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 764 msec
omegapdb_1e2m rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 562 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 59 seconds 980 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 31 seconds 753 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 40 seconds 759 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 6 seconds 250 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 49 seconds 366 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 8 seconds 433 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 55 seconds 980 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 25 seconds 334 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 18 seconds 578 msec
omegapdb_1eby rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 21 seconds 760 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 28 seconds 925 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 14 seconds 870 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 17 seconds 941 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 38 seconds 536 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 22 seconds 994 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 41 seconds 947 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 32 seconds 495 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 51 seconds 479 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 29 seconds 840 msec
omegapdb_1ec0 rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 24 seconds 577 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 505 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 1 seconds 918 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 489 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 527 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd58-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 320 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 119 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 3 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 55 seconds 114 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 56 seconds 167 msec
omegapdb_1exa rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 179 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 17 seconds 503 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 56 seconds 238 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 45 seconds 756 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 19 seconds 306 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 3 seconds 413 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 32 seconds 333 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 0 seconds 491 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd247-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 55 seconds 129 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 35 seconds 760 msec
omegapdb_1ezf rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 16 seconds 679 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds 119 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 24 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 8 seconds 300 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds 820 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 427 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 14 seconds 207 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 252 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds 583 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 529 msec
omegapdb_1f06 rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 5 seconds 922 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 91 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 901 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 693 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 215 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 477 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 602 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 947 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 585 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 371 msec
omegapdb_1f8b rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 119 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 55 seconds 184 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 44 seconds 754 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 1 seconds 407 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 12 seconds 566 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 17 seconds 427 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds 514 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 6 seconds 975 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 48 seconds 114 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 37 seconds 875 msec
omegapdb_1fm9 rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 9 seconds 246 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 2 seconds 499 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 38 seconds 533 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 4 seconds 9 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 8 seconds 543 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 38 seconds 705 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 24 seconds 198 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 40 seconds 312 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 2 seconds 680 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 14 seconds 726 msec
omegapdb_1g2k rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 32 seconds 445 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 510 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 847 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 546 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 788 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 516 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 295 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 562 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 360 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 7 seconds 997 msec
omegapdb_1g6c rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds 613 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 44 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 783 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 706 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 788 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 737 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 739 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 71 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 726 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 541 msec
omegapdb_1gja rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 448 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 5 seconds 283 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 3 seconds 949 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 3 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 1 seconds 680 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 32 seconds 925 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 53 seconds 756 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 40 seconds 186 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 49 seconds 483 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 51 seconds 906 msec
omegapdb_1gjd rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 53 seconds 806 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 355 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 85 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 475 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 499 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 809 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 776 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 38 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 1 seconds 994 msec
omegapdb_1gs5 rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 206 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 17 seconds 1 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 112 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 701 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 692 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 63 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 750 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 165 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 9 seconds 762 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 839 msec
omegapdb_1gse rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 515 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 721 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd151-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 440 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 779 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 527 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 705 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 969 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 282 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 989 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 359 msec
omegapdb_1gz8 rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 647 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 298 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 32 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 505 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 715 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 933 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 730 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 928 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 970 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 631 msec
omegapdb_1h1p rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 808 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 137 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 630 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 396 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 104 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 366 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 343 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 217 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 103 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 405 msec
omegapdb_1h1s rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 107 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 30 seconds 528 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 660 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 722 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 957 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd152-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 779 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 30 seconds 679 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 881 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 812 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 30 seconds 558 msec
omegapdb_1h2k rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 809 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 39 seconds 667 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 11 seconds 969 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 22 seconds 390 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 19 seconds 143 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 213 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 34 seconds 188 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 484 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 744 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 1 seconds 453 msec
omegapdb_1h6h rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 14 seconds 504 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 4 seconds 57 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 27 seconds 175 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 6 seconds 901 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 12 seconds 432 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 10 seconds 616 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 9 seconds 26 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 19 seconds 907 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 30 seconds 919 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 51 seconds 403 msec
omegapdb_1hwk rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 53 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 251 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 984 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 884 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 271 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 639 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 62 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 160 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 266 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 43 seconds 991 msec
omegapdb_1hyo rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 593 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 36 seconds 250 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 831 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 364 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 33 seconds 968 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 33 seconds 987 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 138 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd212-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 65 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 33 seconds 230 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 614 msec
omegapdb_1ik4 rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 32 seconds 664 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 389 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 989 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 154 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 391 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 2 seconds 349 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 712 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 832 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 650 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 968 msec
omegapdb_1is0 rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 1 seconds 502 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 997 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 970 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 341 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 932 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 1 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 714 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 363 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 932 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 505 msec
omegapdb_1iy7 rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 491 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 22 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 2 seconds 417 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 945 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 689 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 607 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 662 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 51 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 434 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 109 msec
omegapdb_1j3f rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 908 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 914 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 810 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 747 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 49 seconds 930 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 51 seconds 95 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 869 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 552 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 808 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 833 msec
omegapdb_1jsl rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 995 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 407 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 469 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 600 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 209 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 296 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 352 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 344 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 278 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 723 msec
omegapdb_1k2t rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 59 seconds 467 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 537 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 139 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 753 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 830 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 973 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 217 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 841 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 840 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 573 msec
omegapdb_1k2u rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 963 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 612 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 674 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 363 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 402 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 46 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 948 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 31 seconds 588 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 351 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 59 msec
omegapdb_1koj rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 713 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 889 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 518 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 310 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 238 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 700 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 731 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 279 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 661 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 465 msec
omegapdb_1kz8 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 56 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 619 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 941 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 70 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 252 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 102 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 685 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 461 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 415 msec
omegapdb_1l7g rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 626 msec
omegapdb_1lww rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 277 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 757 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 782 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 368 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 297 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 461 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 45 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 264 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 183 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 955 msec
omegapdb_1m2x rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 174 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 234 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 642 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 566 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 691 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 768 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 531 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 723 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 445 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 154 msec
omegapdb_1m5b rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 178 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 564 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 853 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 776 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 640 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 785 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 4 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 47 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 55 seconds 910 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 55 seconds 978 msec
omegapdb_1m5d rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 724 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 505 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 942 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 809 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 929 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 914 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 987 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 904 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 919 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 829 msec
omegapdb_1m5f rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 16 seconds 654 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 214 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 387 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 567 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 170 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 239 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 702 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 581 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 441 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 778 msec
omegapdb_1n3z rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 222 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 810 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 783 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 368 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 104 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 180 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 407 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 274 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 903 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 932 msec
omegapdb_1nms rmsd72-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 15 seconds 849 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 543 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 623 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 938 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 240 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 564 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 44 seconds 279 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 114 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 276 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 313 msec
omegapdb_1nqu rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 974 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 506 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 84 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 955 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 695 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 570 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 317 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 499 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 335 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 58 seconds 342 msec
omegapdb_1nqv rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 305 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 258 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 830 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 673 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds 907 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 829 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 64 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 374 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 919 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 611 msec
omegapdb_1o2y rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 520 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 201 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 610 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 57 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 33 seconds 971 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 63 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 33 seconds 967 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 581 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 576 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 23 msec
omegapdb_1ofd rmsd95-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 34 seconds 12 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 940 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 981 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 287 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 529 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 484 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 561 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 706 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 503 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 284 msec
omegapdb_1oiu rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 99 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 18 seconds 9 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 826 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 945 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 16 seconds 407 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 610 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 690 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 568 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 325 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 442 msec
omegapdb_1oks rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 13 seconds 585 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 743 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 55 seconds 664 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 367 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd25-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 346 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 846 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 700 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 118 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 402 msec
omegapdb_1p1o rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 685 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 43 seconds 957 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 630 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 548 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 421 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 778 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 893 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 810 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 810 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 910 msec
omegapdb_1pck rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 744 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 133 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 892 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 52 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 382 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 684 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 135 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 463 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 380 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 51 seconds 678 msec
omegapdb_1q72 rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 34 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 611 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 454 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 567 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 167 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd214-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 100 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd217-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 375 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 309 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 532 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 846 msec
omegapdb_1q91 rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 826 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 12 minutes 21 seconds 997 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 33 seconds 675 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 46 seconds 221 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 10 seconds 879 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 11 minutes 15 seconds 778 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 49 seconds 971 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 16 seconds 904 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 11 minutes 30 seconds 909 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 55 seconds 775 msec
omegapdb_1qin rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 11 minutes 0 seconds 32 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 885 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 97 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 725 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 275 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 22 seconds 74 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 134 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd218-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 912 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 75 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 560 msec
omegapdb_1qnf rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 847 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 342 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 32 seconds 32 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 634 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 98 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 682 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 863 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 607 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 874 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 187 msec
omegapdb_1qxw rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 279 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 260 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 293 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 122 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 992 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 371 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 474 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 923 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 40 seconds 427 msec
omegapdb_1qy5 rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 37 seconds 865 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 543 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 435 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 360 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 955 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 30 seconds 418 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 387 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd49-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 615 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 551 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 309 msec
omegapdb_1r34 rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 239 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 335 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 23 seconds 370 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 923 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 693 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 524 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 976 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 30 seconds 737 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd54-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 524 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 825 msec
omegapdb_1r6w rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 343 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 27 seconds 282 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 25 seconds 426 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 37 seconds 637 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 676 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 386 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd224-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 677 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 943 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 327 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 15 seconds 459 msec
omegapdb_1ros rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 6 seconds 84 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 660 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 500 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 11 seconds 291 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 12 seconds 219 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 796 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 986 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 7 seconds 828 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 3 seconds 350 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd59-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 381 msec
omegapdb_1s63 rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 873 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 470 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 23 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 253 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 507 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 857 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 506 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 322 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 28 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 750 msec
omegapdb_1s8j rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 814 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 59 seconds 997 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 59 seconds 106 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 59 seconds 327 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 828 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 58 seconds 230 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd211-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 64 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 864 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 147 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 528 msec
omegapdb_1sa4 rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 32 seconds 749 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 45 seconds 95 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 24 seconds 782 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 40 seconds 125 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 17 seconds 432 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 27 seconds 602 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd182-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 1 seconds 936 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 0 seconds 348 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 28 seconds 648 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 45 seconds 206 msec
omegapdb_1sn5 rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 54 seconds 465 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 220 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 749 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 344 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 934 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 56 seconds 171 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 525 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 14 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 863 msec
omegapdb_1syh rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 55 seconds 94 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 8 seconds 926 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 4 seconds 159 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 18 seconds 95 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 7 seconds 311 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 6 seconds 423 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 23 seconds 245 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 26 seconds 477 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 12 seconds 679 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 14 seconds 585 msec
omegapdb_1t32 rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 12 seconds 126 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 201 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 357 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 242 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 160 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 479 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 250 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 56 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 114 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 234 msec
omegapdb_1toj rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 55 seconds 623 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 58 seconds 624 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 329 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 770 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 0 seconds 497 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 450 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 671 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 403 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 990 msec
omegapdb_1uf5 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 200 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 922 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 621 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 57 seconds 44 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 866 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 827 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 654 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 830 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 205 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 768 msec
omegapdb_1uf7 rmsd231-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 56 seconds 233 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 980 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 456 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 29 seconds 264 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 27 seconds 961 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd225-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 668 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 910 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 255 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 37 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 28 seconds 982 msec
omegapdb_1uf8 rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 819 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 931 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 21 seconds 618 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd26-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 958 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd30-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 683 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 785 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd36-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 730 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 721 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 748 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 813 msec
omegapdb_1ur8 rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 15 seconds 848 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 139 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 43 seconds 510 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 510 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 700 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 300 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 476 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd50-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 40 seconds 139 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 204 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 368 msec
omegapdb_1urw rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 57 seconds 966 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 522 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 575 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 693 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 565 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 673 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 959 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 934 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 589 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 947 msec
omegapdb_1utt rmsd85-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 326 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 930 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 58 seconds 380 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 740 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 792 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 624 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 0 seconds 721 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd144-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 53 seconds 143 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 552 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 50 seconds 173 msec
omegapdb_1uu9 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 639 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd156-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 530 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 382 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 241 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 429 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 343 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd166-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 460 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 359 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 337 msec
omegapdb_1uwc rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 2 seconds 336 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 659 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 569 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 331 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 510 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 605 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 191 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 237 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 962 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 937 msec
omegapdb_1uy8 rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 71 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 44 seconds 218 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 45 seconds 201 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 44 seconds 983 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 43 seconds 629 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd223-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 43 seconds 618 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 44 seconds 148 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 41 seconds 212 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 303 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 686 msec
omegapdb_1v2k rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 788 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 450 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 27 seconds 508 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 185 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 732 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd37-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 434 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 227 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 22 seconds 253 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds 463 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 842 msec
omegapdb_1v2n rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 431 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 25 seconds 689 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 320 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 225 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd15-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 677 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 435 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 216 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 226 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 275 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 26 seconds 422 msec
omegapdb_1v97 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 24 seconds 823 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 322 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 875 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 22 seconds 35 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 803 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 778 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 764 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 708 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 704 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 535 msec
omegapdb_1w1q rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 20 seconds 736 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 27 seconds 187 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 3 seconds 283 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 35 seconds 871 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 3 seconds 314 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 44 seconds 251 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 12 seconds 655 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 23 seconds 526 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 7 seconds 932 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd61-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 52 seconds 521 msec
omegapdb_1w5v rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 35 seconds 98 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd127-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 29 seconds 408 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd134-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 13 seconds 128 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 15 seconds 944 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 8 seconds 169 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 49 seconds 653 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 6 seconds 719 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 55 seconds 328 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd40-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 33 seconds 302 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 40 seconds 988 msec
omegapdb_1w7x rmsd84-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 53 seconds 883 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 394 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 961 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 390 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 524 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 299 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 185 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd210-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 336 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 987 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd239-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 48 seconds 31 msec
omegapdb_1w9u rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 959 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 696 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 14 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 436 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 117 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 50 seconds 843 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 702 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 615 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 973 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 43 seconds 482 msec
omegapdb_1wvj rmsd242-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 341 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 422 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 52 seconds 789 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 48 seconds 230 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 858 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 476 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 47 seconds 802 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 666 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 234 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 641 msec
omegapdb_1xap rmsd53-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 646 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 880 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 833 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 864 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 42 seconds 2 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 42 seconds 2 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 845 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 917 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 908 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 922 msec
omegapdb_1xge rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 41 seconds 938 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 135 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 941 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd115-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 625 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 263 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 567 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 755 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 698 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 267 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 31 seconds 916 msec
omegapdb_1xn0 rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 322 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 421 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 671 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds 421 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 626 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 630 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 37 seconds 375 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 823 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 577 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 31 seconds 747 msec
omegapdb_1xom rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 255 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 154 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 261 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 779 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 512 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 685 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd219-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 949 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 133 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 725 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 585 msec
omegapdb_1xon rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 53 seconds 673 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 27 seconds 496 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 15 seconds 843 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 21 seconds 116 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd121-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 15 seconds 887 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 3 seconds 451 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 5 seconds 820 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 94 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 42 seconds 250 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 49 seconds 343 msec
omegapdb_1xp0 rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 785 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 32 seconds 527 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 33 seconds 906 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd27-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 31 seconds 894 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 23 seconds 118 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 17 seconds 792 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 13 seconds 247 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 59 seconds 486 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 59 seconds 306 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd35-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 0 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_1xqc rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 69 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd112-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 289 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 879 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 730 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd143-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 185 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 282 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 975 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 182 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 36 seconds 800 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 39 seconds 104 msec
omegapdb_1y6q rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 38 seconds 723 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 758 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd120-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 848 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 846 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 291 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 713 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 12 seconds 650 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 8 seconds 853 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 7 seconds 733 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 52 msec
omegapdb_1yc1 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 523 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 88 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 371 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds 96 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 649 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 440 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 786 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd178-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 331 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd179-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 706 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 271 msec
omegapdb_1yc4 rmsd189-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 59 seconds 420 msec
omegapdb_1yc5 rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 30 seconds 983 msec
omegapdb_1yc5 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 282 msec
omegapdb_1yc5 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 251 msec
omegapdb_1yc5 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 252 msec
omegapdb_1yc5 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 254 msec
omegapdb_1yc5 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 31 seconds 269 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 29 seconds 858 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 32 seconds 989 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd220-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 579 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 869 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd233-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 892 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 612 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd237-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 304 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 23 seconds 783 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 946 msec
omegapdb_1yvx rmsd98-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 233 msec
omegapdb_1z1r rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 53 seconds 136 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 677 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 145 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 5 seconds 675 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 65 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 58 seconds 668 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 215 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 130 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd67-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 99 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd76-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 21 msec
omegapdb_1zvx rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 778 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 5 seconds 683 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 2 seconds 604 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 16 seconds 961 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd197-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 44 seconds 431 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 2 seconds 549 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 4 seconds 617 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 0 seconds 214 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 31 seconds 234 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 41 seconds 422 msec
omegapdb_1zz2 rmsd77-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 251 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 716 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 242 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 11 seconds 215 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 695 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 533 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 804 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 162 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 131 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 581 msec
omegapdb_2aw1 rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 558 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 22 seconds 652 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 8 seconds 248 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd130-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 48 seconds 226 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd142-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 55 seconds 514 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 56 seconds 271 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 39 seconds 503 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 49 seconds 842 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd196-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 53 seconds 846 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd32-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 35 seconds 882 msec
omegapdb_2ayr rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 37 seconds 846 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 24 seconds 613 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd136-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 7 seconds 626 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 530 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 57 seconds 989 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd172-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 37 seconds 652 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 35 seconds 829 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 94 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 39 seconds 486 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 29 seconds 190 msec
omegapdb_2b7d rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 670 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 724 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 615 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 453 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 277 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd17-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 7 seconds 195 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 6 seconds 144 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 4 seconds 14 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 831 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 3 seconds 653 msec
omegapdb_2bgd rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 987 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 718 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd117-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 451 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 149 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 414 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd163-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 9 seconds 710 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 789 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd184-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 297 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 113 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 998 msec
omegapdb_2brc rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 991 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd123-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 867 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 33 seconds 159 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd159-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 128 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 44 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 757 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 227 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 85 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd230-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 277 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 505 msec
omegapdb_2btr rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 844 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 209 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 870 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 817 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 0 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 987 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 837 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 53 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd91-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 699 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 758 msec
omegapdb_2bts rmsd94-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 720 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 430 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 987 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 526 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 27 seconds 32 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd137-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 804 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd149-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 105 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 294 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 769 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd236-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 908 msec
omegapdb_2byh rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 850 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 418 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd129-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 16 seconds 656 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd164-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 362 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 409 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 4 seconds 866 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 366 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 13 seconds 209 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 491 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 52 seconds 511 msec
omegapdb_2byi rmsd89-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 435 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 92 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 982 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd20-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 54 seconds 276 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 53 seconds 412 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 734 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd62-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 765 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 286 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 558 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 52 seconds 298 msec
omegapdb_2c4w rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 51 seconds 28 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 331 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 36 seconds 326 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 28 seconds 215 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd141-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 771 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 963 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 94 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 331 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 21 seconds 442 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 905 msec
omegapdb_2cbs rmsd99-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 290 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 40 seconds 712 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 50 seconds 923 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 47 seconds 712 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd165-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 23 seconds 712 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 27 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 382 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd188-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 30 seconds 778 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 32 seconds 199 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 36 seconds 52 msec
omegapdb_2cji rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 38 seconds 125 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 216 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 580 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 587 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 426 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 305 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 171 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 355 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 16 seconds 819 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 321 msec
omegapdb_2evc rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 17 seconds 295 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 582 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 939 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd226-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 531 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd227-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 15 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 908 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 110 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd41-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 83 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 572 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd82-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 8 seconds 658 msec
omegapdb_2ewb rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 531 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 2 seconds 576 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 28 seconds 531 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd113-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 53 seconds 662 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 30 seconds 265 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 5 seconds 945 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd157-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 21 seconds 796 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 25 seconds 834 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd244-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 5 seconds 203 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 4 seconds 467 msec
omegapdb_2f14 rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 57 seconds 971 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 46 seconds 223 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd135-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 869 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 45 seconds 477 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd186-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 467 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 41 seconds 356 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 43 seconds 600 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 42 seconds 371 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 953 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 33 seconds 787 msec
omegapdb_2f34 rmsd3-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 32 seconds 452 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 32 seconds 176 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 26 seconds 296 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd150-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 35 seconds 354 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 232 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd171-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 20 seconds 532 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd216-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 18 seconds 102 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 124 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 16 seconds 988 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 739 msec
omegapdb_2f4j rmsd66-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 17 seconds 997 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 26 seconds 759 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 25 seconds 42 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 293 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 992 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd168-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 973 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd202-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 24 seconds 586 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd209-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 44 seconds 533 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd240-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 817 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd83-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds 57 msec
omegapdb_2f6v rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 10 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd101-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 49 seconds 280 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 45 seconds 822 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 83 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd204-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 14 seconds 731 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd215-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 34 seconds 130 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd2-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 42 seconds 351 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd51-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 41 seconds 546 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd55-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 39 seconds 488 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd79-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 38 seconds 187 msec
omegapdb_2f70 rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 20 seconds 326 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 500 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd162-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 474 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd235-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 467 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd241-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 230 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd245-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 964 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 263 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 587 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd71-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 745 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 47 seconds 566 msec
omegapdb_2f71 rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 48 seconds 869 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 695 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 621 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 80 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 288 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 242 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 162 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd6-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 44 seconds 553 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 820 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd8-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 715 msec
omegapdb_2f7p rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 859 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 854 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 843 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 546 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd107-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 753 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 610 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 14 seconds 575 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd13-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 13 seconds 387 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd14-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 947 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 340 msec
omegapdb_2flb rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 16 seconds 260 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd102-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 882 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 893 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd124-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 344 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd131-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 48 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd133-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 878 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 7 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 49 seconds 839 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 35 seconds 43 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 48 seconds 54 msec
omegapdb_2fqt rmsd9-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 47 seconds 573 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 12 minutes 56 seconds 601 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 12 seconds 89 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd153-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 14 seconds 820 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 38 seconds 494 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd193-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 26 seconds 53 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 33 seconds 241 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 10 minutes 11 seconds 705 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd4-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 56 seconds 552 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd87-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 56 seconds 644 msec
omegapdb_2fwz rmsd88-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 19 seconds 352 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd173-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 245 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 28 seconds 49 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd194-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 20 seconds 855 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 19 seconds 596 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd39-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 100 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd42-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 394 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd64-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 15 seconds 968 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 258 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd68-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 683 msec
omegapdb_2fyv rmsd92-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 885 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd183-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 838 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 26 seconds 654 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 602 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd19-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 18 seconds 351 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 622 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd201-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 29 seconds 172 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 613 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd22-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds 996 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 795 msec
omegapdb_2g8n rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 22 seconds 547 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd104-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 18 seconds 593 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 655 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd110-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 672 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd111-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 664 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd125-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 671 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd126-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 311 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 18 seconds 273 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd16-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 853 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 688 msec
omegapdb_2ggd rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 19 seconds 624 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 407 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 194 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 845 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd205-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 38 seconds 779 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd221-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 537 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd249-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 621 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd28-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 40 seconds 592 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 42 seconds 266 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 166 msec
omegapdb_2gss rmsd96-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 34 seconds 971 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 111 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 5 seconds 617 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd200-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 622 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd206-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 1 seconds 711 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd207-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 18 seconds 108 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd208-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 8 seconds 87 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd33-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 132 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd56-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 48 seconds 626 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd5-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 54 seconds 972 msec
omegapdb_2h03 rmsd7-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 52 seconds 594 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 1 seconds 586 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 4 seconds 962 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd187-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 55 seconds 869 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd199-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 3 seconds 858 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd228-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 41 seconds 370 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 28 seconds 674 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd29-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 30 seconds 531 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd43-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 34 seconds 165 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 45 seconds 145 msec
omegapdb_2h42 rmsd97-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 33 seconds 612 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd103-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 53 seconds 50 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 906 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd169-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 823 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd170-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 741 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd180-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 644 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 352 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd192-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 52 seconds 278 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd232-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 51 seconds 775 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 51 seconds 517 msec
omegapdb_2hb1 rmsd243-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 51 seconds 343 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 691 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd140-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 41 seconds 998 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd147-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 39 seconds 76 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd21-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 401 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd23-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 164 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd24-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 245 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 36 seconds 811 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd46-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 107 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd48-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 146 msec
omegapdb_2hd6 rmsd78-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 37 seconds 80 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 57 seconds 396 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd106-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 5 seconds 505 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 9 minutes 43 seconds 155 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd132-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 50 seconds 116 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 50 seconds 868 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd161-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 8 seconds 886 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd175-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 53 seconds 671 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd181-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 8 minutes 24 seconds 771 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 55 seconds 119 msec
omegapdb_2i0a rmsd195-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 7 minutes 19 seconds 580 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd109-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 1 seconds 208 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 553 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd116-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 152 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds 40 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 0 seconds 257 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd167-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 59 seconds 486 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd177-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 55 seconds 715 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd190-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 54 seconds 702 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd198-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 49 seconds 396 msec
omegapdb_2iko rmsd203-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 50 seconds 850 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd10-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 140 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd114-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 46 seconds 60 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 18 seconds 27 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd148-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 17 seconds 228 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 35 seconds 373 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd155-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 597 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd158-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 19 seconds 871 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 11 seconds 404 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd1-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 33 seconds 445 msec
omegapdb_2iuz rmsd222-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 3 minutes 6 seconds 674 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd34-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 968 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd38-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 518 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd44-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 777 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd45-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 37 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd60-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 725 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd69-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 321 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd70-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 476 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 405 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd74-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 46 seconds 153 msec
omegapdb_2izl rmsd90-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 1 minutes 45 seconds 569 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd119-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 438 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd138-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 53 seconds 850 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd139-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 58 seconds 53 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd185-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 24 seconds 249 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd18-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 53 seconds 830 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd213-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 19 seconds 720 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd250-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 37 seconds 411 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd65-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 45 seconds 121 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd73-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 8 seconds 695 msec
omegapdb_2j34 rmsd80-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 4 minutes 51 seconds 61 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd100-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 17 seconds 675 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd105-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 12 seconds 475 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd11-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 15 seconds 280 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd128-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 30 seconds 83 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd12-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 24 seconds 188 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 36 seconds 635 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd191-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 14 seconds 908 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd229-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 6 minutes 5 seconds 291 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 53 seconds 234 msec
omegapdb_2j4i rmsd31-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 46 seconds 675 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd108-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 25 seconds 301 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd174-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 24 seconds 944 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd176-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 12 seconds 706 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd238-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 374 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd246-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 290 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd47-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 50 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd75-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 397 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd81-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 298 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd86-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 259 msec
omegapdb_3cbs rmsd93-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 21 seconds 475 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd118-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 312 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd122-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 46 seconds 880 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd145-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 46 seconds 675 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd146-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 46 seconds 683 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd154-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 281 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd160-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 511 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd234-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 46 seconds 681 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd248-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 47 seconds 193 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd52-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 44 seconds 76 msec
omegapdb_6prc rmsd57-opt.out.bz2 TOTAL RUN TIME: 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 45 seconds 395 msec
